CHARTAE ANcposAxochss. 221

Dcchxxl.
ΕᾸιιιιΕΑιιιι.

›1‹ ΕΑιιιιΑιιιι kinge gret AElfwold bisceop, and Ha·
rold eorl, and AElsred scyrg er5uan‚ and ealle mine
pegenes οιι Dorsaetan fre5ndlice; and ιο eme e5w zaet
Urk ιιιῖιι h5skarl habbe his strand eall forne gen hys
’ agen land ofer eal wel and fre5lice, upp of sae and 5t

on sae, and eall xaet t5 his strande gedryuen hys, be
minum fullan bebode.

DGCGLXXII.

Εῖιιιιιιιιιιιι.

›1‹ EADWARD king gr5tAElfw01d bisceop, and Esg5r
stallere and alle mine burhssegnes on Lundne fre5nd-
lic. Icc kive e5w &at icc ann and {Sat ic wille vat
sainte Petre and {Sa gebr55era οιι Westminstre habben
zat land and ’sone wearf 55rt5 ὕει Ulf porter5s and
his wis Kineg is for here saula 5l5sednesse int5 ὔῑιιθ
halagen stowe gafon, sw5 full and sw5 f01³6 sw5 hy
besto it h5hten3 and 1cc ann est alsw5 vat hi habben
55rt5 fulne frid5m οιι allen pngen §a {Sar 5p5springed
be lande and be strande, f01’65n lc nelle nasseswon
ge’Safian vat any man 5ny atbre'de 0555 gesnsie hero
gise and heore almesse, om} vat {Sar 5ny man 5ny
onsting habbe on 5ny pugen οὔ on 5ny timen b5t0n
se abbod and &a gebr55era t5 §fis minstres ne5de.
God e5w alle gehealde and giso e5w 5ce salve. Amen.

ῌ

ιιοοοιιιιιιιι.
Εῑιιιιιιιιιιιιι

»ΧεΕΑιιιιιιιιι king gr5tAEg ‹relm5r bisceop, and Ha· ,
told eorll, and Gir'6 eorll, and Le5fst5n ab120d,and alle

 

